# 11/10/22

(11:34)
Today's plan
+ Start the interim report template
+ Continue research into writing Rust drivers on Linux
+ Test potential options for Rust driver dev on my workstation
+ If time permits, continue working on my literature review

I'm really interested in trying the rust.ko option, I'll test it on my machine. I also think I might need to buy some storage for my raspberry pi.  I installed a new file manager - Nautilus which reports there's less than 3GB of space available on the Pi so external storage will be necessary. 

(12:22)
This build and install process has been much less of a headache and more productive so far.

While the example driver builds, I might as well discuss the process of installing and building this driver. 

As a note, this isn't a full-on framework but looks to just be a makefile and necessary tools to take rust code and turn it into a kernel module.

FIrst, I had to clone the repo from GitHub which took a few seconds. Following that I followed the steps detailed in the README where I had to create a `config.mk` and point it to my rust folder.

Following that, I tried running `make` to build the driver but ran into a few problems this was mostly that certain tools weren't installed. So I switched to Rust nightly and then installed xargo and rust-src. The good thing is that the make file gives amazing feedback in terms of what's missing or required.

(12:46)
I'm now running into the [following issue](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50361990/how-to-solve-kernel-configuration-is-invalid-issues) while trying to build the driver. I tested compilation of a C driver again so this seems to be a unique issue to this rust driver template...

(13:24)
I'm now reinstallling the linux-headers to my pi machine in an attempt to fix the problem - this is a commonly discussed solution to my problem. In failing that, I suspect the CPU may be causing problems so I'll need to think about testing on my workstation. 

(13:42)
I tested the same process on my workstation and it seems to provide the same result. I think this is just an issue with the build rather than the hardware?

(13:46)
[This stackoverflow answer might be what is needed on the pi](https://stackoverflow.com/a/68276745/13699926)

(14:05)
I'm going to need to look into storage options for the pi as there's not enough space available to do what i want.


Just-in-case links
https://askubuntu.com/questions/890712/kernel-configuration-is-invalid-error-while-trying-to-install-paragon-ufsd-profe
https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/questions/43619/linux-headers-generic-package-not-found

(14:39)
I've done everything I can and still cannot get a result. I now have the error "building multiple external modules is not supported. Stop."

(14:44)
Looking at the code shows that really, this isn't even a Rust driver but is instead a C driver with calls to Rust. Unless this is how drivers will be written for Rust, I've just wasted the better part of 3 hours.