# 9/10/22

(10:54)
Today, I plan on doing the following:
+ Continuing and hopefully finishing notes on 'Faults in Linux: 10 years later' [x]
+ ~~Starting to take notes on 'Linux kernel vulnerabilities ...'~~
+ Begin research into writing drivers in Rust - I have a few options so I should really explore all of them *and* look for alternatives that I haven't yet found. [x]
+ Fill out Sheet B for the first formal management and feedback meeting (as I've forgotten to do this) [x]

My thoughts on Faults in Linux is that I can use it to put across that things got a bit better since these older papers though it might ruin the point of drivers have a lot of issues? Will need to see. 


(12:52)
After further reading through Faults in Linux, I think that its content is no longer entirely relevant and I think I'm satisfied enough with the findings I've noted to move on to something else. I'm going to begin properly researching how to create drivers in Rust - I already have some research that I can work from but I'd like to see what else is out there first.

I like to start on YouTube as I might run into a tutorial I could use/follow. I've created a new YouTube playlist, "Writing a Rust driver".

(13:08)
I've found a Linux Foundation series on using Rust in Linux and some of the focus is on Linux kernel modules. I'm going try this on my driver workstation.

(14:05)
I tried following along but kept running into some kind of clang version issue that I couldn't solve no matter what. I've just removed all related files from the workstation and will evaluate if I want to follow through with this. I don't really like this video anyway because it feels like the speaker is unprepared and its taking a long time to get anything done.... I had trouble following this on a VM and on my driver development machine so a last resort would be running this on my main workstation.

(19:41)
I'm going to now fill in sheet B of the first management and feedback meeting.

(20:35)
After filling in the sheet and taking some time for myself, I'm now going to continue research on writing Rust drivers. I will come back to the Linux Foundation video in the near future and look for other options tonight. I also think that I'll backlog notes on Linux Kernel vulnerabilities as these papers don't *directly* relate to what I'm doing and I'm likely to feel like its fluff.

Maybe looking into the framework from secure embedded drivers could be a good lead? 

(21:31)
I've taken some notes on potential options for writing Rust drivers. A couple seem to overlap but at least i know that I have a few options to work with. I'm closing the day here and will come back to this tomorrow.
