## 21/8/22 -- Changing work to be relevant to Project

Lately I feel like the work i've been carrying out, while useful, doesn't 100% cover the goals of the project or could likely be carried out at a later time. I think it makes sense to re-prioritise/ shift focus.

Today, I'll make that shift. Focusing on the following aims/research points;
+ discussing implementation across various OS and differences
+ relations between drivers and kernel

Currently I've researched debugging tools and improving driver code via Rust. I'll continue to learn how to write driver and rust code but will work on less research.

Today the plan is:
+ Work on some Rust systems code
+ Research differences between OS drivers

(writing later in the evening)
So far, I've mainly worked on my notes from the windows driver documentation. I have gained a small insight into how Windows drivers work, the main benefit of this document is that I'm able to read fairly in-depth explanations of fundamental concepts such as Kernel/User mode, Virtual addressing etc. I have worked on this for around 2.5 hours so far. Now, I'll move onto the Rust programming that I planned. 

Not quite system programming but I've decided to follow the rss reader tutorial for windows. It seems like it'll allow me to use a lot of new rust concepts.

(update, 11:16pm)
I managed to complete the [tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/rust/rss-reader-rust-for-windows). It all worked perfectly until the additional step where I tried to create a win32 message box. The MS article is either wrong or outdated because crates.io lists different code for calling a win32 message box. crates.io got the code working where the MS document code gave me nothing but hassle. This was really frustrating. Regardless, I've managed to dabble in C bindings, using unsafe code, for loops and more.


(~3|4 hrs)