
(13:17)
Today I'm working on upgrading the Pi kernel to Linux 6.x with support for Rust. There are a few issues which mainly lie in software version. I hope that by tonight I will have everything prepared. 

So far I have fixed the issue with clang, this was achieved by [creating new symlinks that are named 'clang' but link to 'clang-11'](https://askubuntu.com/questions/584711/clang-and-clang-not-found-after-installing-the-clang-3-5-package) so I am now able to use LLVM with Make. The next issue that I'll be working on is LLD. 

(14:23)
I'm going to simply try to compile the new kernel without rust support. If simply compiling the new kernel without any new features proves problematic then I think I'll need to forget about using the Pi and just use the VirtualBox instance that I already have set up. I know this works already and should basically act like a physical machine. In the worst case, I offer up my physical workstation.

(14:34)
Since I've had an easier time doing project work on Ubuntu, I've decided that I should install Ubuntu onto my Pi. Hopefully everything will be a bit more smooth after this change.

Software that I may need to re-install
+ vscodium
+ rust

(15:08)
Ubuntu has been successfully installed to the Pi. Here's to starting from scratch. 

(15:32)
Ubuntu is working so well! I'm updating my Kernel building guide as I go. The plan is to get 6.x kernel built and installed then re-build with Rust. Today, if I have time, I'd also like to write up my section on Memory safety which will then see inclusion to the final report. 

(16:05)
I've ran into a small issue with 'dt-bindings', will have to work on solving this tonight as I have work shortly. I did anticipate some arm-specific issues so this is no surprise. Hopefully will get 6.x built tonight. With Rust enabled tomorrow and memory safety written up (or at least started). What I have is a good base and I'm sure that this can be finished within the week! 

(21:49)
Looks like I forgot to specify the architecture while compiling! Have amended, hopefully this solves the dt-binding issues.

(22:29)
So I've just found that the Raspberry Pi has *its own linux repository*. So I need to start from scratch *again*. Hopefully this is me on the right track and everything will work from here. I'll likely try to keep working on this for a couple more hours before heading off for the night. 

(00:35)
I may have spoken a bit too soon as I'm running into a few issues. I'm getting tired of this but I need to get it working. I'm going to try again, following the steps closely. If the guide is necessary then I will work on it at a later point.

(01:40)
Going back to RasPian to simply use the `rpi-update next` command to install 6.1 and hopefully I can just enable Rust from there. This is probably about 1000 times easier than learning to compile a kernel for the Raspberry Pi itself. I'm surprised at the fact that the process of building a kernel for the Pi is so different but its nice that the imager tool lets you set some default settings so you don't need to do a completely new setup every time the OS is swapped. 

(01:57)
Can confirm 6.1 Kernel, now its just a case of verifying/enabling rust support?

(02:06)
Looks like I can't just enable Rust with this new 6.1 kernel. I guess I can set everything up and test build a Rust driver. This will need to be a task for tomorrow as I am just fed up with having to work this.... If I can't get this working then I move to the working VM.