## 28/8/22 -- Notes on recent happenings
In my previous diary, I noted that I'd reached out to Jon Blow and Dave Plummer. Jon got back to me quite quickly and this was noted in the same diary. Dave got back to me a few hours after I'd finished work. 

In his email, He told me that he had mostly worked with cache software & filesystems and hadn't actually worked much at the driver level. He recommended a book called 'Windows 7 Device Driver' by Ronald D Reeves. It's unfortunate that he turned out to not have done much driver work and didn't offer his opinion but I am at least thankful he showed me that book. In the same way that I have done and can do with Linux, I now have an avenue to look back at how Windows drivers were developed and compare this to documentation and such on Windows 10 and 11. 

A note that I wanted to take but didn't manage to; At some point I'd really like to conduct some research to find out if device drivers are developed under a specific/custom methodology or if they even utilise a methodology at all? I suppose this would change between vendors and open source etc. I just want to make sure I'm encompassing all/most areas within drivers and that all bases are covered in terms of software. My thoughts at the moment are that; realistically if drivers used a methodology they'll likely just use similar methodologies to those within Software Development such as Agile. 

I do think that some changes will be made to the project and maybe the scope will grow a bit.  This is mostly because of the messages I recieved from Jon Blow. His points were really interesting and, in terms of his feedback on some of my project, I don't know if I can quite agree but I can see his overall point cc shooting too low.

I haven't worked on the project today or since my last diary. At first I took a days break but I wound up busy with work and other things. Tomorrow I'm going to try and get back into my working habit. 

Another thing I'd to cover! Specific/Worst security issues caused by or related to drivers. I think to continue being in-depth, it would be necessary to discuss specific security issues caused by drivers as well as the potential security issues that might arise in the future.

So, another summary of points of research/points to be made & discussed in the paper.

+ Explanation of drivers and their functionality
+ Methodologies used within driver development
+ How they differ between vendors/Operating Systems
+ Discuss various problems regarding drivers and related
+ Specific security issues
+ Developments etc that have helped to solve these problems
