## 24/8/22 -- Discussing current findings with regards to driver differences across OS vendors.
(12pm)
Today I'm going to continue the line of research regarding differences between device drivers in 
various Operating Systems. I think the main focus will be between Microsoft Windows, Apple OS' and Linux. 

I've continued to find that Linux documentation is dated almost 2 decades ago, the range is between 2002 and 2014. I think Microsoft basically uprooted their driver documentation because all of their articles are dated within the last couple of years though this could just be a fresh lick of paint. Apple hasn't dated their articles but I must assume it is somewhat recent as several changes have been discussed related to silicone and M1 chips [which began releasing in 2020](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT211814). 

Between all 3, I find Apple to be the most interesting. They have decided to split device drivers into 3 specific extension types each with a very specific/set use-case (more information can be found in previous diary entry and within the research folder). This is all in the name of [improving "system stability and makes it easier to develop, debug and install your code."](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/kernel/implementing_drivers_system_extensions_and_kexts) 

There are certainly differences between how drivers are written/developed with regards to Linux  and Windows however they are functionally similar. Both run in Kernel mode where all code can see each other. I like to refer to this Kernel mode as 'The Wild West' as it is very easy for things to go wrong. 

An interesting note about Windows development is that drivers are tested across 2 machines. It works via a remote connection in Visual Studio with a host and target machine. The host machine holds the code etc and basically facilitates the testing session. The target physically runs the driver. At the moment, I think this is a very useful and efficient way of testing drivers, while the target can still crash, the problem of waiting for the machine to recover before being able to re-write code is null and void. I do, however, think there will be some kind of overhead somewhere. 

I think today will mostly concern Linux as I'd like to build up some useful notes in the same way that I have for Windows and Apple. I'd also like to find a decent systems programming project/tutorial/resource for Rust because I want to get my hands dirty, I feel that my projects so far have been very basic and somewhat small in scope. 

(1:16pm)
I've written to [Johnathan Blow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Blow) on Twitter regarding the project and device drivers. I've watched a lot of YouTube clips from his streams where he has discussed various topics/industries which includes Operating Systems. I feel his thoughts even generally could be useful to the project. It encapsulates part of the project where I reach out to developers to gain insight to their experiences/thoughts and draw on their expertise. 

(4:37pm)
I've found more details on Apples system extensions and DriverKit! Apple cites a lot of issues several of which cross over with previous findings. To summarise the research so far;
+ Kernel extensions were broken down and placed into User-space in order to combat several issues
	+ Kernel code is difficult to write and debug, it's highly demanding
	+ Compromised kernel extensions can give attackers free reign in kernel
	+ Any kext bug could be a critical reliability problem
	+ Language support is limited
	+ Risk to Data Security/Privacy/Reliability
+ System and Driver Extensions replace Kexts 
	+ Still similar
	+ Runs in userspace, faults & crashes don't affect the OS or device itself
	+ Less restrictive, more access to frameworks
	+ Use any programming language (Swift is specified in slides)
	+ Easier to debug. Performed on 1 machine with full debugger support.
	+ Improved security, privacy, reliability.

I'll describe system extensions further with 2 quotes; "In userspace, outside the kernel" with a "comfortable, modern programming environment"

I think I'll round out the research here. Later, I might spend some time working on my Linux driver studying as it's been 2 weeks since I worked with it. 

(5:08pm)
I've reached out to [Dave Plummer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Plummer_(programmer)) (online: davepl) regarding the project and drivers. He is a retired systems/OS engineer from Microsoft and will no doubt have great insight into how drivers affect Operating Systems. I've watched his videos on YouTube for around 3 years and he's one of many programming inspirations. 

I'm going to write an email to Paul, my supervisor with an update of the project so far. Tonight, I'd like to spend even a couple of hours on Linux device drivers. 


(8:31pm)
Jon Blow responded to my message! His key points:
+ Good area to think about as drivers are a problem
+ But I'm shooting too low
+ Look into exokernel model where drivers are normal code
+ The assumption that the basic idea of what an OS should be is already figured out is holding the field back, so very few people are doing high-quality original thought


(10:28pm)
I took notes on exokernels and the keynote/presentation courtesy of jon blow. While the OS presentation is really interesting and somewhat eye-opening, I don't think it fits into the scope of what I want to cover with this paper however the mention of exokernels has evoked a new question that I might like to consider; Who's reponsible for the issue of device drivers? Is it the OS, drivers, hardware? I think it would probably enhance the content of my dissertation.

So the way I could lay things out could be;

+ Here's an explanation of drivers, what we need them for, what they're used for and how they're used (Quite general)
	+ functionality
	+ how they interact with rest of OS etc
	+ how they're developed
	+ how they're typically tested
+ Here's a tidbit on how they differ between vendors (Tailored info based on OS)
	+ Apple
	+ Windows
	+ Linux
+ Here's a synosis of issues that we see as overarching problems with regards to drivers
	+ General statistics
	+ Little to no innovation
	+ Using unsafe languages
	+ Developers taking on the beast that is Kernel space
+ How did all these problems arise?
	+ Did the underlying OS cause this?
	+ Did drivers hurt drivers?
	+ Are these issues caused by the under-underlying hardware?
	+ What else?
+ Here are developments that have helped
	+ Apple re-doing Kexts in 2019
+ What else can help
	+ Modern prog langs: How have/will/can they help?
	+ Automated tools: How have/will they help?
+ Here are things that I've tested & researched, here are my findings 
	+ Developing a driver in both Rust & C
	+ Examining how drivers function/perform in other/many kernel models
	+ Writing drivers then testing them with tools?
+ This is what developers think
+ Conclusions/Findings
+ The future

So then with these additions, the paper might concern more than just drivers. How would this change our Operating Systems? Are OS's to blame? What's really going on here? Maybe it could concern OSDI because in the grand scheme of things, problems in OSDI might make everything else worse? 

I should maybe also consider BSD, OpenBSD, FreeBSD or something similar in the context of this work as the OS Keynote says its a bit easier under the hood than Linux. 

I couldn't get on to practising Linux drivers but thats okay, I feel like a rabbit hole has opened up beneath me. Thanks to Jon Blow! I'll need to dedicate a day for coding at some point and hammer out everything I want done. I'm done for the day. 
(10:51pm)