19/8/2 -- Short diary on project so far

I've been working on this project for almost a month, maybe more. In that time, most of my research has concerned Rust and its use within a OS kernel. I've also been researching tools and testing methods/analysis. 

At the moment, i'm still in the leadup phase. Alongside my research and related notes, I'm also learning how to program in Rust and how to write Linux kernel modules. It's a nice mix of note-taking from papers and code-writing.

I've decided to start keeping short intermittent diaries for project management reasons. It'll also be interesting to look back on things at a later date. 

Today, I finished taking notes on a paper by Alastair Donaldson (A fellow who's worked was recommended to me by my project supervisor, Paul Keir ). The paper showcased a tool called WHOOP which used Symbolic Pairwise Lockset Analysis to more reliably detect potential race conditions within driver code. After writing, I'm going to round off my notes on Securing Embedded Device Drivers, hopefully I'll be finished with that paper. To switch things up after taking notes, I plan to do some coding either in C or Rust.

It feels like I've been learning a lot but I'll need to make sure that I follow the project outline a bit more. As much as my research/notes seem useful, I need to make sure that my work is useful to the project. 

I've enjoyed Rust so far and something about the use of cargo makes me feel like i've been more productive while writing and checking code.

I was not able to move onto coding in C or Rust. 