## 30/08/22 -- Getting back to writing driver code

Today, I'm going to work on Linux Driver and Rust code. I plan on dedicating most of the day to these tasks. Later on, I might work on research notes but today needs to be a coding day first. 

(4:25pm)
Since first writing and committing this diary, I've read through some of the char device chapter of LDD3 but have wrote little code. I don't enjoy how this is going. As much as I'm reading and learning things that are likely important for writing device drivers (especially Linux), I'm finding this really bloody boring and I'd rather write real code and then go back and learn all of this. I'm frustrated. 

Rather than trying to keep going with the book, I'm going to try and find another resource similar to the Karthik M. youtube channel and work more from that and use the book where needed for explanations. I'd hoped this would be a practical work day and that I would write a decent amount of code.

It feels especially pointless trying to write the scull driver myself when source code is already available. 

I'm going to work through [this video by Karthik M](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_xrzGlHbac&t=1s) as I seem to have completed all his other driver videos. 

(5:47pm)
I completed the video and have written a dummy character driver. I learned about registering driver entries, major/minor numbers, the `file_operations` struct and then declaring these functions for use within the driver.

To be clear, I didn't write the logic for these functions. They simply had a print message and return statement inside. The whole point was to demonstrate what I learned above and how these functions interact with commands and other activities. Inside my Driver studying file, we can see how I tested this by loading the module and then running `cat` on the driver entry. 

I'm a bit happier that I managed to write code and complete some work. I plan on finding something similar to work on which is maybe a bit more involved i.e. writing the logic that the driver operations should use. 

A small thought; I think I should brainstorm the title of this project because it isn't exclusively; "Improving reliablity of device drivers" it feels more like "Device Driver basics, problems and how they can be improved". Though, I might be focusing on the 'basics' part too much as it might (and probably will when I think about it) make up a small percentage of the total dissertation. Maybe I should email Paul about it?  

I'm trying to look for driver projects to work on as I feel that I learn better through working on projects even if its following along with a tutorial series. It worked for my UEFI OS attempt, while I didn't get anything to work and sort of gave up I still learned about bootloaders, paging, global descriptor table, interrupts, rendering, page frame management etc. Learned a bit more in-depth about the start-up sequence of an OS from Bootloader to Kernel to User. 

I don't necessarily need to find a project tonight, I guess. One of the end-goals of the project is to develop a driver/drivers so learning basics is good for now. I think i'll work on the glossary/key terms note and brainstorm what I'll need for my necessary equipment list. Maybe tonight, I'll come back and start a Rust project, that would be valuable. 