
(13:17)
Today I'm working on upgrading the Pi kernel to Linux 6.x with support for Rust. There are a few issues which mainly lie in software version. I hope that by tonight I will have everything prepared. 

So far I have fixed the issue with clang, this was achieved by [creating new symlinks that are named 'clang' but link to 'clang-11'](https://askubuntu.com/questions/584711/clang-and-clang-not-found-after-installing-the-clang-3-5-package) so I am now able to use LLVM with Make. The next issue that I'll be working on is LLD. 

(14:23)
I'm going to simply try to compile the new kernel without rust support. If simply compiling the new kernel without any new features proves problematic then I think I'll need to forget about using the Pi and just use the VirtualBox instance that I already have set up. I know this works already and should basically act like a physical machine. In the worst case, I offer up my physical workstation.

(14:34)
Since I've had an easier time doing project work on Ubuntu, I've decided that I should install Ubuntu onto my Pi. Hopefully everything will be a bit more smooth after this change.

Software that I may need to re-install
+ vscodium
+ rust

(15:08)
Ubuntu has been successfully installed to the Pi. Here's to starting from scratch. 

(15:32)
Ubuntu is working so well! I'm updating my Kernel building guide as I go. The plan is to get 6.x kernel built and installed then re-build with Rust. Today, if I have time, I'd also like to write up my section on Memory safety which will then see inclusion to the final report. 