(14:49)
This afternoon, I've been working on dissertation writing. I've been adapting content from my interim report for use in the disseration, making notes on where I need to add/improve and have written new content - specifically the 'Input from Industry' section. This is to better represent the industry figures that I've reached out to as was fed back to me by Paul. 

I'm thinking of reaching out to others, possibly Alex Gaynor and/or Miguel Ojeda, to gain their thoughts, feedback and so on. These guys actually work on the RustForLinux project so would be great to hear what they think.

According to Obsidian, my diss. word count lies at 2009 words. 

(14:58)
Currently writing emails to Gaynor and Ojeda about my project. Asking for feedback, thoughts and so on. 

(15:31)
Emails have been sent to Gaynor and Ojeda, as well as Asahi Lina. 

(16:03)
Gaynor actually got back to me quite quickly with a very useful outline on the approach to building Rust drivers. 

1. Check if RustForLinux already has existing APIs for the relevant kernel subsystem
2. If not, they design a safe Rust API that exposes the kernel APIs. 
3. It's then possible to use the new abstractions to write the original driver.

The Rust-For-Linux repo has not seen a commit in around a month so I'm unsure whether I should be using the RFL repo or the torvalds/linux repo. Gaynor also provided me with a Pull Request for the RFL repo that seeks to add USB device support which may help when writing my mouse driver.  

https://github.com/Rust-for-Linux/linux/pull/884
https://github.com/YakoYakoYokuYoku/linux/commit/53c710341028c439622b66b3d414bcb57199c732

(16:18)
These changes don't seem to have been incorporated into the RFL repo nor the torvards/linux repo. I could still potentially use the USB files if they are in working condition, would just need to pull them from Yakos repo into my own Kernel instance. 

(16:56)
I think I'm going to take the Rust section out of background, having 2 sections on rust in 2 different areas of the disseration doesn't really sound like a good idea but I should still be able to use my justifications within the project goal section. 