(00:39)
A couple of days ago, I continued my research into the USB protocol. I don't think there's anything notable to say or record about it. I feel that I'm gaining good insight into USB especially with the programming guide that I'm reading through.

I have yet to start working on solving the issue with the Raspberry Pi, I really just hope that I turn it on and everything just works. 

Yesterday, I found an interesting article that I plan on taking notes from titled "Google reports decline in Android memory safety vulnerabilities as Rust usage grows". I was recommended this by my google app which provides a range of articles throughout the day. It's proving to be a fairly useful resource! While I have yet to properly read the article, this is another general fact that helps build the case for Rust.

I can certainly tie this into memory safety, if there are numbers/figures then I should note them and then compare them to 2019. This article *may* be a very useful source in establishing more recent figures. 

(00:52)
Right now I plan taking some notes on the article. After getting some sleep and whatever else I need to do, I plan on spending some time on the project. 

I'd say my main tasks are:
+ Fix the Raspberry Pi
+ Continue USB research
+ Write another Systems program in Rust

I'd like some practical coding work so let's find another systems programming task or something to re-write and test in Rust. This can be added to my code collection.

(01:11)
This article was really useful and I managed to find the original google security blog post, I will return to this tomorrow. I could probably get 2/3 of the above tasks (alongside these notes on google) completed later today. 

(13:42)
I have started trying to solve the pi issues.

(15:49)
This is extremely frustrating as anything I try doesn't work. 

(15:56)
I think everythings working. I logged into my router and assigned the Pi the ip which was listed there.

(16:23)
I won't do much more with the Pi but at some point I'll have to return and try building kernel 6.1. Shortly, I'll move onto another task.

The following tasks will be worked on tomorrow
+ Continuation of USB research
+ Writing another Systems program in Rust