Today I'm going to build the 6.1 kernel on the Pi. This diary can also act as a guide of sorts for compiling and building the kernel.

# Building the Linux 6.1 Kernel with Rust Support

## Notes
+ Running as root/sudo is a necessity.
+ make-specific
	+ `V=1` can be passed as a parameter to make for Verbose output
	+ `-j{NUM_CPU}` can be passed as a parameter to speed up the build process by utilising more CPU cores, use `lscpu` or similar to find this out
	+ `ARCH=` can be passed to specify the architecture to build for 

## Dependencies for Kernel (and package names)
+ Flex - `flex`
+ Bison - `bison`
+ LLD - `lld`
+ Libelf - `libelf-dev`
+ Openssl - `libssl-dev`
+ Clang - `libclang-dev` `clang`
+ LLVM - `llvm-dev`

## Required Programs
+ Make
+ Git

# Steps

## 1. Cloning repository

This may or may not require root.

`git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/torvalds/linux.git`

After this, simply run `git pull` to pull new updates/files from repo.

## 2. Setup and making configurations

It is best to use root (or sudo depending on distro).

First begin by running;

`make LLVM=1 -j4 menuconfig`

Then, in the menuconfig, press the right arrow key then enter. Make sure 'Yes' is selected to save the configuration and press enter again to confirm. This should exit the menu and return you to the terminal with a 'saved' message.

We will be able to use this menu later to easily change configuration settings.

## 3. Beginning the build

Begin by running;

`make LLVM=1 -j4 modules`

This builds and compiles all drivers for the kernel.



----

(16:37)
Shortly after starting writing this tutorial, the wifi broke down on my Pi. I had issues with apt that I tried to fix and from the problems got worse and worse so I think I'll need to reset my Pi and start again. 

Seems the problems with this project just keep coming and coming...

I might even install a different distro, maybe a minimum Ubuntu install as Ubuntu seems to be giving the best results. I'm very unhappy with all these roadblocks and its completetly infuriating. I have more urgent coursework to work on so this will be placed on the backburner until the other coursework is complete.