(10:00)
This morning, I've carried out a little work on memory management. I've been following the first article within my notes - I wrote out one of the code examples. I have an Honours workshop so will return to this work after the class.

(10:55)
I've completed my class. I'll sort out meetings and anything else that needs my attention and then return to working on the memory management task.

(11:33)
I'm looking into the code for the technorage article, I'm unsure if it's outdated? It uses a `dynamic` keyword that causes issues whenever I try to compile on my own machine. I'm in the UWS library at the moment, reading through Rust Essentials by Balbaert to find out if I should worry/know about this or if the feature's been deprecated.

So far, I've learned that the memory model of Rust is more simple compared to other programming languages.

*Quick notes from Rust essentials*
+ Types, traits etc are essentially your OOP
+ Structs can be used similarly to tuples.
+ Structs actually have several different possible layouts when used in code

(11:47)
I've just realised that this `dynamic` keyword doesn't actually exist and is just part of the accompanying comment - this is because the comment takes a newline due to the window being resize to around half the screen space.

I think, in the code, the reference makes the field dynamic and `format!` is just a macro that verifies and then sets the strings. This is what I think/assume. 

According to Rust essentials (ch 2. pg 21.), `format!` is a macro that works in the same way as `println!` but returns a string rather than printing it out.

I've found that you can also inline assembly code in a similar way as C. You use unsafe and call `asm!`. I'm going to write the example from Rust essentials out so I have a copy.

(12:20)
I've taken some more notes from the article on rust memory management. I'm going to get lunch very shortly. I have a meeting scheduled with supervisor, Paul at 14:00.

[My first insight into Rust type system | by George Shuklin | journey to rust | Medium](https://medium.com/journey-to-rust/my-first-insight-into-rust-type-system-601cdfd0b81f#:~:text=Rust%20type%20system%20allows%20arbitrary%20amount%20of%20dynamic,and%20get%20all%20typechecking%20in%20a%20compile%20time.)

The above article should be a useful read, could be used as part of research - dev opinions?

